tokens/tokens.zIndex.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

<Meta
  title="Design Tokens/Z-Index"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: {
        hidden: true
      }
    },
  }} />

# Z-Index

To be able to manage stacking order within demosplan UI, the following global z-index variables can be used:

```
$dp-z-index-ultimate
$dp-z-index-modal
$dp-z-index-fixed
$dp-z-index-flyout
$dp-z-index-tooltip
$dp-z-index-above-zero
$dp-z-index-zero
$dp-z-index-below-zero
```

## How to use z-index tokens

### Scss

Z-Index tokens can be consumed as Scss variables. To use them, they have to be imported at first:

```
@import '@demos-europe/demosplan-ui/tokens/scss/zIndex';
```

Then, tokens can be used within Scss code:

```
@media all and (min-width: $dp-breakpoints-lg) {
  .some-selector {
    display: block;
  }
}
```

### Tailwind utilities

As Tailwind is configured with these variables, too, they can be used as tailwind utility classes.
They replace the z-index classes mentioned within the Tailwind documentation.

```
<div class="z-modal">
  This should be a modal element. Please, let it be one, or use another appropriate z-index.
</div
```

Commit message:

feat(ref T27596): be clear about z-index purposes

tokens/tokens.zIndex.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

<Meta
  title="Design Tokens/Z-Index"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: {
        hidden: true
      }
    },
  }} />

# Z-Index

To be able to manage stacking order within demosplan UI, the following global z-index variables can be used:

```
$dp-z-index-ultimate
$dp-z-index-modal
$dp-z-index-fixed
$dp-z-index-flyout
$dp-z-index-tooltip
$dp-z-index-above-zero
$dp-z-index-zero
$dp-z-index-below-zero
```

## How to use z-index tokens

These tokens give guidance on where to place interface elements in the global
[stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_positioned_layout/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context).
For components that require a new stacking context, the Tailwind utility `isolate` can be used. Within this new context,
the same z-index tokens can be used, again.

### Scss

Z-Index tokens can be consumed as Scss variables. To use them, they have to be imported at first:

```
@import '@demos-europe/demosplan-ui/tokens/scss/zIndex';
```

Then, tokens can be used within Scss code:

```
@media all and (min-width: $dp-breakpoints-lg) {
  .some-selector {
    display: block;
  }
}
```

### Tailwind utilities

As Tailwind is configured with these variables, too, they can be used as tailwind utility classes.
They replace the z-index classes mentioned within the Tailwind documentation.

```
<div class="z-modal">
  This should be a modal element. Please, let it be one, or use another appropriate z-index.
</div
```
